What options are available in the Driver tab?
Driver Details
Uptade Driver
Roll back Driver
Disable Device
Unistall Device


Lab - Search for BIOS or UEFI Firmware Updates.
Question:
What key or combination of keys is used to run Setup on your computer?
Answers: F11

Questions:
The BIOS Setup Utility or UEFI screen appears.
Answers: UEFI screen appears

Questions:
Which BIOS version is installed in your computer?.
Answers: 

Questions:
What is the current BIOS version available for the motherboard?
Type your answers here.

What features, if any, have been added to the new BIOS version?
Type your answers here.

What changes, if any, have been made to the new BIOS version to fix problems?
Type your answers here.

What are the instructions to update the new BIOS version?
Type your answers here

Lab - Install Third-Party Software in Windows
What is the default installation location for Packet Tracer?.
Answers: C:\Users\GabrielMani\Downloads

Why does Microsoft recommend using Uninstall or change a program to remove an installed application?
Answers: To ensure that application dont leaves any files in the system that can happen if user just delet the folder.

Lab - Create a Partition in Windows
What type of File System is used on the NEW VOLUME (I:)?
Answers: Intel
	Perflogs
	Program Files
	Program files x86
	User
	Windows 

How much Free Space is shown?
Answers: 19.9GB

List the tabs found in the NEW VOLUME (I): Properties window?
Answers: Genearl
	Tools
	Hardware
	Sharing
	Security
	Previous version
	Quota
;'''

What tabs are listed in the ITE Test Document Properties window?
Answers:

What happens if you do not run as administrator when you open the command prompt?
Answers: restios

What are the tabs in the ITE (I:) Properties window?
Answers: 

When the volume was FAT32, there were six tabs. What are the names of the new tabs that were added
after the volume was converted to NTFS?
Answers:

What are the tabs in the ITE Test Document Properties window?
Answers:

When the volume was FAT32, there were three tabs. What is the name of the new tab that was added
after the volume was converted to NTFS?
Answers:
;;''

Lab – Explore the Windows Desktop

List some of the icons that are on the Desktop.
Answers: Start button, program, folder, contro panel.

What type of information is available on the Desktop and Taskbar?
Answers: example network, audio, battery.

Name a few applications listed in the Start Menu.
Answers: example Command prompt.

What are some of the available options?
Answers: run as adminstror, unpin from start, pin to taskbar, unistall.

What are the available options in the Taskbar settings?
Answers: Use small icon, auto hide taskbar

What are the available options in the Task View settings?
Answers: adding a desktop.

What happened?
Answers: you can have it both open

List some examples of system information below.
Answers: Battery, bluetooth, calander

What are the behavior options for the icons?
Answers: show icon and notifcations, hide icon and notifaction, only show notification

Click Turn system icons on or off. List the system icons that can be enabled.
Answers: volume, network, power

What can you do in the Notification & actions Settings window?
Answers: example add or remove quick actions


Lab - Work with Task Manager

What happened?
Answers: It closed

What options are available?
Answers: Search online, end task, expand, resource values

What statuses are listed?
Answers: Stopped and running

What are the available actions that can be taken?
Answers: example Start, stop, restart

What is the current utilization of the CPU?
Answers: 12%

How many streams of instructions (i.e. Threads) are currently running?
Answers: 40082

How many Apps, Background processes, and Windows processes (i.e Processes) are currently running?
Answers: 8

What is the total physical memory (MB)?
Answers: 16GB

What is the available physical memory (MB)?
Answers: 7.7GB

How much physical memory (MB) is being used by the computer?
Answers: 8GB

What is the link speed? What type of Ethernet Adapter is in use on this computer?
Answers: ethernet

What type of network connection (i.e Connection type) is in use?
Answers: 802.11ac.

What is the IPv4 address of the PC? Note: This information is not available in the Networking tab in Windows 7
Answers: 192.168.99.133

What effect does this have on the columns?
Answers: memory heading lagest to smallest then reverse

What affect does this have on the Memory column?
Answers: displays in percentage 

How could this be useful?
Answers: example to see what is causing memory issues by showing each service with percentage

Right-click a username. What are the available options?
Answers: disconnect and expand

Right-click a process and list the available options below.
Answers: open file location, search online.

What type of information can you get from this list?
Answers: example Cpu time, network data.

Right-click a process and list the available options below.
Answers: end taks, end process tree, open file locotion, search online

Why is it important for an administrator to understand how to work within the Task Manager?
Answers: to troubleshoot problem with windows

Lab - Working with File Explorer

What happened with Folder1 and Folder2 on the Desktop?
Answers: the folders are displayed on desktop after moving folder2 into folder1, only folder1 is displayed on desktop

What is the file extension for the text document?
Answers: .txt

How would you do it?
Answers: copy open folder2 and paste

What are the attributes associated with this file?
Answers: A for archive

What is the complete path to Folder3? (Hint: One way to find this information is in the folder properties.)
Answers: C:\Users\gabri\Desktop\folder1

In Windows 8.x and 10, which directories are listed under Folders? (Note: There is no Folders heading in Windows Explorer.)
Answers: Desktop, download, document, pictures, music.

What happened? Why would you want to do this?
Answers: folder is now under headings.

What are folders listed in the Local Disk (C:)?
Answers: perflogs, program files, users, windows

Open the Users folder. List all the folders in the directory.
Answers: Tskoli

Were you able to open it? Explain.
Answers:  Yes i own the folder

Were you able to open it? Explain. (Note: Windows 7 does not display other users’ folders.)
Answers: user needs adminstrative privleges

Open the Public folder. List all the folders in the directory.
Answers: downloads, music, pictures.

Which folders or files listed under the Libraries heading?
Answers: documents, music, videos

How would you remove the directory of Folder1 from the library without deleting Folder1 and its contents from the computer?
Answers: select folder1 libary location and remove 


Lab – Explore Control Panel Categories
What are the viewing options?
Answers: Catagory, large icons and small icons.

Name a few of the Control Panel categories
Answers: System and security, network and internet, hardware nad sound, programs, user accoutns, appearane, personalization, clock and region, ease of access

Which subcategory would help you troubleshoot common problems?
Answers: security and maintenance

Which subcategory allow a program through Windows Firewall?
Answers: window defander firewall >> allow an app or feature trough window firewall

Which subcategory allows you to view the basic network information and set up connections?
Answers: network and sharing center

Which subcategory allows you to choose what happens when you insert a media or device?
Answers: autoplay

Which subcategory allows you to add a printer?
Answers: devuces and printer >> add a printer

Which subcategory would you use to have a specific file type always open in a specified program?
Answers: default Programs >> set your default programs or Default Programs >> Associate a file type.

Which subcategory would you use to uninstall a program?
Answers: program and features >> unistall a program

Which subcategory would you use to install the Windows telnet client?
Answers: program and features >> turn windows features on or off

Which subcategory would you use change the account type from administrator to standard?
Answers: user account >> change account type.

Which subcategory would you use to view, edit, or remove the web and Windows credentials?
Answers: credential manager.

Which subcategory would you use to customize the Taskbar?
Answers: Taskbar and navigation

Which subcategory would you use to show hidden files and folders?
Answers: Show hidden files and folder >> view tap >> show hidden files, folder, drives

Which subcategory would you use to change the time zone?
Answers: data and time >> change time zone

Which subcategory would you use to change date format?
Answers: region

Which subcategory would you use to synchronize the time on a computer with a specific web server on the Internet?
Answers: data and time >> internet time >> change settings

Which subcategory would you use to configure the computer to read aloud any text on the screen?
Answers: ease of acces center >> turn on narrotor

Which subcategory would you use to improve the computer’s ability to understand your voice and improve the dictation accuracy?
Answers: speech recogniton >> train your computer to better understand you

Lab - User Accounts

What can a user do with a limited account?
Answers: use most applaction and change some settings

What limitations does this type of an account have?
Answers: user cannot change system setting that affect other user or security

What information is listed for the new account?
Answers: account name

What is the advantage of having most users work within a Standard user account?
Answers: standard user account can prevent user from altering files and setting that can affect the computer

For this lab, select Delete Files. What are the other options? When would you choose the other options?
Answers: The Keep Files allows you to save the files of deleted user desktop

Why is it important to protect all accounts with strong passwords?
Answers: weak password can allow access to the pc and then they can steal data or something else 

2. Why would you create a user with Standard privileges?
Answers: for security of the computer or privacy of other user on the pc

3. In what type of situation would an IT administrator delete a user account and choose to keep the files of that user account instead of deleting them?
Answers: examle if the user account was maybe a employee that is being terminated and the files contain business information.

Lab - Manage Virtual Memory
What is the current size of the virtual memory (paging file)?
Answers: 5632 MB

What Drive [Volume Label] contains the paging file?
Answers: Local disk

What is the recommended paging file size for all drives?
Answers: it depends on the size of the drive

What Drive [Volume Label] contains the paging file?
Answers: i [ITE]

Why would you ever change the default virtual memory page file settings in Windows?
Answers: to free up space or the owner upgraded for faster drive


Lab – Use Device Manager

What information is listed in the Device Manager window? Why would you use it?
Answers: device manager list all hardware devices installed on your pc

Browse through the menus displayed at the top of the Device Manager window. Ho would you install driver software for an older device that may not be automatically recognized by the Windows operating system?
Answers: device manager >> action tab >> add legacy hardware

What additional information does Driver Details provide?
Answers: filename and located

What two options do you have for updating the driver?
Answers: you can search the internet or browse the pc file folder for driver

What does the Roll Back Driver button do? The Roll Back Driver can be grayed out on your computer, why would it be grayed out?
Answers: It allows you to uninstall newly installed driver software and revert back to the driver that was used prior to a driver upgrade and the button is grayed out because a new driver has not been installed

What are the other available options?
Answers: disable device and uninstall devices

Lab - Monitor and Manage System Resources
What is the status of the service?
Answers: runnning

Look for Windows Defender Antivirus Network Inspection Service (Windows 10) or Windows
Defender Service (Windows 8.1) or Window Defender (Windows 7). Record the Windows Defender
status.
Answers: no status because it is off

In the General tab, what is listed as the Source of the event? What is the severity level?
Answers: The severity level is informational

In Notepad, click File > Print. Record a listed printer below. Note: You do not need to install a physical printer.
Answers: micrasoft print to pdf

What message did you receive? How would you fix this?
Answers: restart print spooler

When DHCP Client stops, what other services will also be stopped?
Answers: user may not receive any information about stopping other services

Why is it important to exercise care when managing services?
Answers: stopping a service can compromise the good of other services

What is the full path name to the example file name?
Answers: c:/perflogs/gabri/datacollector01.csv

What does the column farthest to the right show?
Answers:  Mbytes









